hey guys so today I have an unboxing
video of this 8 gigabyte white ipod
touch so that's the packaging let's go
ahead and get started
so that's the front of the box clearly
visible through its clear plastic is the
ipod touch itself and right on the
bottom you just have some information
such as your serial number and whatnot
on the sides you just have the ipod
touch wordings then on the back you just
have the size of the ipod touch as well
as some information regarding the ipod
touch itself alright so let's just go
ahead and get Salter if a small little
apple logo right on top and to open the
box just pull this label
and once you open the box the ipod touch
is sitting right on top
your usual design by Apple in California
why'd you open this up
your fingertips a quick start guide some
more the information and some apple
stickers also in the box you have the
USB cable as well as the apple earphones
alright so that's it for the unboxing
video of this a gigabyte white ipod
touch thanks for watching and goodbye